Did the first brother come to the hospital to find his sister-in-law?
Right
It's mine.
You are not afraid that your sister-in-law will be irritated
If you don't say it
Xiaoxue will only feel more uncomfortable
For his recovery
It doesn't do any good, does it?
Hey, by the way, I asked you to check Wang Xuemei.
How's it going?
A very ordinary family
There is one
Missing father who is not a housekeeper
And an elderly and sick grandmother
There are very few people alive in the family
His dad is missing
Not death
In my last life, when I met Wang Xuemei
His father has been dead for two years
And he died.
It seems to be missing.
Then their home
Did anything special happen?
Like money.
Yes.
Three years ago, his grandmother got sick.
Then the money for the hospital was taken to Huohao by his father
Later
Wang Xiaomei asked someone to lend money to her grandmother for surgery
That means he's still in debt.
No. It was paid off a year ago
In fact, Secretary Wang is not easy
Find several jobs a day from morning to night
Then it's not him.
It's just that I'm still not at ease in my heart
Are you like this?
Find a chance
Wait a minute.